Updates to visas for non uk trainees page (#4201)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees.md

* rest of England: $nonuk_skilledworkervisatraineeminfulltime_restofengland$ 

Check the region you'll be working in with your teacher training provider. 

You may be able to train part-time, but your part-time salary must be at least $nonuk_skilledworkervisatraineeminparttime$.

### Your partner and children 

> If your course starts after 1 January 2024, you'll not be able to bring your partner and children with you on a Student visa. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your course starts after 1 January 2024, you will not be able to bring your partner and children with you on a Student visa. 
```
I would avoid the conjunction in this case as was a bit difficult to read

You may be able to bring your partner and children with you on a Skilled Worker visa. 

### How a bursary or scholarship can help with your Student visa application 

If you're training to teach physics or languages, you may be [eligible for a bursary or scholarship](/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees?#bursaries-and-scholarships-for-non-uk-trainee-languages-and-physics-teachers). You can use them in your Student visa application as proof that you have enough money to support yourself. 

## Check your status

If you're not sure about your immigration status, you can [check if you need a UK visa](https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa).

> You'll not need a visa to train to teach in the UK if you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need a visa to train to teach in the UK if you:
```

* are an Irish citizen
* have settled or pre-settled status under the [EU Settlement Scheme (EUSS)](https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families)
* have [indefinite leave to remain](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/indefinite-leave-to-remain-in-the-uk) 

> You'll not need to be sponsored for a Student or Skilled Worker visa if you have a: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to be sponsored for a Student or Skilled Worker visa if you have a: 
```

### Dependents

> You'll not need to be sponsored for a Student or Skilled Worker visa if you have permission to live in the UK as a dependent (usually partner) of someone on a visa. You can work or study without a sponsor for the duration of your partner’s visa. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to be sponsored for a Student or Skilled Worker visa if you have permission to live in the UK as a dependent (usually partner) of someone on a visa. You can work or study without a sponsor for the duration of your partner’s visa. 
```
